README.md, before:

Game name: Back In Time
Sci-fi, Horror, Survival 2D pixel Game 

Project: Application Development and Emerging Technology

Professor: Gary Bato-ey

Frame per Second: 30fps

Character frames: 7 frames

characters size(character and enemy): 130x80px ; Scale: 50px

Window Size: 700x500 pixels

Developers:
  1. Christian Vaydal
  2. Aeron Segobia
  3. Ethan Diego Lim

Date Started: April 16, 2024

Typess of Objects:
  1. hidden - with y-sorting
  2. Hidden2 - no y-sorting
  3. animated - animated objects
  4. animated_once - animataed objects that only animate once or triggered
  5. other - other objects like book shelf, table etc.

Maps:
  1. baseMap - The base or the home map, the time machine place in here.
  2. Map_2 - Enemies like zombies, other items and keys to open the other door is here

Player Skills: (key: R)
  1. Speed - Jayson
    - move 1.5x speed in 5 seconds
  2. Boomerang - Johnny
    - throw boomerang in 2 seconds
    - you can control the direction of your boomerang
    - enemies that hit during dash will dcrease its life - 50%
  3. Clone self - reke
    - Clone yourself to distract enemies
  4. Shield - jp
    - return to enemies their damage

Other skills (global skills - players and boss fights):
  1. Healing (key E)
  2. Recharge mana (key Q)

Keys:
  1. F: open weapons
  2. ESC: pause menu
  3. WADS or UP,DOWN,LEFT,RIGHT: directions
  4. E: Healing
  5. Q: Recharge mana
  6. R: Skills
  7. SPACE: navigating to other map or opening chestbox
  8. C: Sheild
  9. Mouse left: Weapon 1
  10. Mouse Right: Weapon 2

- Player can hold 4 items in item bar
- Player can only open inventory when you open chestbox at base

Commit message:

fixed some bugs and add more weapons

README.md, after:

Game name: Back In Time
Sci-fi, Horror, Survival 2D pixel Game 

Project: Application Development and Emerging Technology

Professor: Gary Bato-ey

Frame per Second: 30fps

Character frames: 7 frames

characters size(character and enemy): 130x80px ; Scale: 50px

Window Size: 700x500 pixels

Developers:
  1. Christian Vaydal
  2. Aeron Segobia
  3. Ethan Diego Lim

Date Started: April 16, 2024

Typess of Objects:
  1. hidden - with y-sorting
  2. Hidden2 - no y-sorting
  3. animated - animated objects
  4. animated_once - animataed objects that only animate once or triggered
  5. other - other objects like book shelf, table etc.

Maps:
  1. baseMap - The base or the home map, the time machine place in here.
  2. Map_2 - Enemies like zombies, other items and keys to open the other door is here

Player Skills: (key: R)
  1. Speed - Jayson
    - move 1.5x speed in 5 seconds
  2. Boomerang - Johnny
    - throw boomerang in 2 seconds
    - you can control the direction of your boomerang
    - enemies that hit during dash will dcrease its life - 50%
  3. Clone self - reke
    - Clone yourself to distract enemies
  4. Shield - jp
    - return to enemies their damage

Other skills (global skills - players and boss fights):
  1. Healing (key E)
  2. Recharge mana (key Q)

Keys:
  1. F: open weapons
  2. ESC: pause menu
  3. WADS or UP,DOWN,LEFT,RIGHT: directions
  4. E: Healing
  5. Q: Recharge mana
  6. R: Skills
  7. SPACE: navigating to other map or opening chestbox
  8. C: Sheild
  9. Mouse left: Weapon 1
  10. Mouse Right: Weapon 2

Keys for selecting weapons to equiped:
  1. Tab or Right: select increment
  2. Left: select decrement
  3. Q: Select weapon for left mouse key
  4. W: Select weapon for right mouse key
  5. F: Exit weapons Inventory GUI
  6. S: Select sheild
  7. A: select potions

- Player can hold 4 items in item bar
- Player can only open inventory when you open chestbox at base
